App downloaded.

Onboarding options:
    1: Connect Wallet
        1: Import wallet via private key
        2: Connect to metamask
        3: Connect to rainbow wallet 
        4: Connect to trust wallet
    2: Create account
        1: Generates secret recovery phrase
        2: Gives option to backup private key to icloud keychain.
        3: Maker user confirm secret recovery phrase

Account config
    Concept: There are two types of user accounts as follows.
        Type 1: User accounts that are not on chain and are considered "unverified"
        Type 2: User accounts that are on chain and considered "verified"
        Notes: Front end will simply scan to see if the wallet has minted an account NFT from the offical contract, if it has it will display the verification mark.

    Information help within account/nft:
        Profile image
        Username
        Name
        Bio
        Wallet address
        ENS domain (optional)
        Website link
        Algorithm
            Notes: In the initial version this will simply be a list of categories that they are interested in

    Notes: The alpha version of the app will store the metadata on a central server so that the Metadata in each users NFT can be changed without spending gas.
    this also allows for the app to cross reference usernames so that there is uniqueness.


Posting content
    Account type:
        Type 1: When video is posted, it and its metadata is held on central server
        Type 2: When video is posted, it is minted to the profiles smart contracts for all their content.
            Options:
                1: They can opt to lock their post off chain so no one can mint it, only they can unlock the content later.
                2: They can mint the content and itll be added to their smart contract.
                3: They can mint the content and set a price is someone wants to buy it.
                Notes: The first content that the account mints is also when their content smart contract is deployed, the user will also be prompted to do this when they verify their account.

    Content data:
        Storage: In the early stages of the app this will be stored on a central server, later we can move to IPFS.
        Data points:
            video
            creator (Wallet address+Username)
            owner (Wallet address+Username)
            captions
            like count
                list of accounts that liked (Wallet address+Username)
            comment count
                list of accoutns that commented (Wallet address+username)
            Comments
                Comment content
                Comment like count
                    Comment likers (Wallet address+Username)

Tipping
    On profile page

    On content


        

